sup guys Mike the wicked here and i am
back for good this time no more bull
should i'll be making videos every
tuesdays and thursdays so look out for
that so just wanna let you know and yeah
let's get on with this review now a lot
of people know about this maybe some of
you don't so I'm just making it for the
people that don't people that do sorry
something new to you well this app is
called TV com it's free lets you watch a
lot of TV shows on your iphone ipod
touch you can stupid add up here um skip
this justin bieber bullshit all see that
so it gives us the featured channels my
favorite on here CBS CW seen a TV in
flesh Showtime CBS can't you saw classic
TV CBS News even movie trailers clinical
et stupid videos CBS radio web shows the
insider authors revealed see show so
that's those are just the featured
channels on my favorite is CBS because i
love CSI except for Miami because that
weird red haired guy you just fucking
creeps me the fuck out so I don't watch
it because of that reason so right here
at the bottom you got home which will
bring you here you can also search for
shows if you want um right here gives
you some some episodes feature videos
yeah some of these videos will say Wi-Fi
only which I don't know it's gay both
with your iphone users you're going to
deal with the ipod touch users won't be
a big deal so yeah that's a kind of gay
thing about this some full episodes or
Wi-Fi make sure if you want to see a
full episode right here it says full
episode if not you'll be looking like a
clip of like a scene or something and
that's not the full episode um so let's
go it shows real quick and show you that
these are all the shows they got here
seeing like CSI I told you
mmm all shows you can do this is for um
shows with full episodes this is all the
shows so you can look through all the
shows put ones they have full episodes
because you want to see some stupid clip
it's like three minutes long so you just
have to look can browse yourselves I
can't I'm not a fucking genius I can't
tell you which one is half of episodes
on which ones don't we have to look
through the list so yeah it's got a
pretty good amount of shows on here the
real word you know about being shit
that's all cool so yeah the channels I
think I already went through this
spacing all the shows those channels
button right there in go to my feed and
this is basically um I think this is
your history if I'm correct if I'm not
correct on that probably not well I
think it's like related videos to your
search or something and you can watch
some videos on YouTube to just kind of
stupid but you can so I think my feet is
like related videos a few watch or
something like that more you can have
favorites you can favorite shows in here
to you you just add you won't you go
I'll show you watch the show and then
you can add it to your favorites and
you've got categories you can browse
shows and all that by category which is
pretty cool and one more in the more
feature come on tools got you about your
privacy terms of you safe search if you
want you can even shuffle videos are
just cool like when you all shake the
shuffle music that's pretty cool so you
can turn on and off safe search awful in
turn mine off because I'm a pussy I'm
just cutting it up pussy if you have
time but you know what I mean so let me
show you that one future really quick
this add to that does not add to your
favorites for some reason I don't know
why I think it adds to the feed it fine
correct
um maybe not so I really don't know what
that does it pass too but I thought you
could have n2 your favorite or something
which gaze is you can't save the arm you
can't save on the the series to your
favorite you have to save an episode
which is stupid so say I want to go to
this one this thing right here the show
whatever see you're going to add to
favorites and it'll be added now the
gate thing is that's for me I don't know
if they'll do it for you guys but it
doesn't save the favorites see there's
your favorite since there it won't save
it for me like if I exit the app my
favorite won't be that I'll have two
favorite again which is kind of annoying
so it does it for me at least I don't
know if you'll do it for you I'm just
that special so let me show you one more
thing for let you guys go I know it's
kind of a long thing but here you have
the all shows button tab arrow where you
want to call it come on there we go and
you can scroll through the shows this
way to which is cool I'll just go to
like CSI and there will be ads just
click on those even though I even be ads
when you watch some shows sometimes so
you just want to hit the shows that you
want to watch yes your favorite add to
my i guess if they'll even show up
that's what it looks like right am I
crazy it looks like that feed button but
um yeah it plays in parts so maybe if
you want to stop watching and eating all
the part 2 part 3 part 4 which is kind
of cool on step fast-forwarding the
video as one big video because that
takes sometimes sometimes over internet
you know so over Wi-Fi I know I Center
know that same thing so you just play it
right there tells you what part your
plan gives a little description Emily
I'm going to try and pause this record
and this is this is an ad right here
this is not the show but it will play
usually was the time some things don't
have the add some things will back to
the ads done it played like normal and
it switches to the parts for you
automatically which is kind of cool so
when this part is over it switches to
the next part and that's basically TV
com yep I recommend getting this it is
free and if you're traveling or you're
working out or whatever jerkin it you
could do it you could just watch this on
the go awesome it does work over 3g but
remember some episodes are only
available Wi-Fi Wi-Fi only which is kind
of gay but most episodes aren't Wi-Fi
only so you shouldn't have a problem but
there's episode you want to see switch
to Wi-Fi for now so this would like the
wicked another app review or expected
value on Thursday autofill be ipod or
just a funny crazy random video I've
been planning for a while so thanks for
watching I'll see you guys thursday then
peace out